Adding new RN entry (#2445)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2021/index.md

---
## August

### Weekly Release 2021.08.2

| Change                                                                     | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| [Custom Administrator Roles is Self-Service EA](#custom-administrator-roles-is-self-service-ea) | August 18, 2021 |
| [Bugs fixed in 2021.08.2](#bugs-fixed-in-2021-08-2)                          | August 18, 2021          |

#### Custom Administrator Roles is Self-Service EA

> The [Custom Administrator Roles](/docs/reference/api/roles/index.md) feature is now enabled as Self-Service Early Access. The Okta Custom Administrator Roles API provides operations so that you can create customized roles and assign them to a user or a group. <!--OKTA-419528-->

Reviewer: avoid repeating exactly the same info that is in the heading.
```suggestion
The Okta [Custom Administrator Roles](/docs/reference/api/roles/index.md) API provides operations so that you can create customized roles and assign them to a user or a group. <!--OKTA-419528-->
```

#### Bugs fixed in 2021.08.2

> - The QR code functionality was missing in the [Device Authorization flow](/docs/guides/device-authorization-grant/main/). (OKTA-410341)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The QR code functionality was missing from the [Device Authorization feature](/docs/guides/device-authorization-grant/main/). (OKTA-410341)
```
